# KPIs
* Accuracy: Measures the likelihood of detecting a gesture or movement correctly. The ML gesture recognition of this model should be at least 60% accurate. The movement detection via the ultrasonic sensors should be at least 80% accurate. Button press detection via the Thingy:52 must be at least 95% accurate.
* Latency (Sensors):  Measures the time taken for the ultrasonic sensors, webcam and Thingy:52 to detect movement, gestures and button presses. The ultrasonic sensors should detect movement in a timely manner, with a minimum of 10 samples per second. The gesture processing should run at a minimum of 5 frames per second, in high-computing conditions. 
* Latency (GUI & Communications):  Measures the time taken for the HID packets and information to appear on the GUI and Minecraft interface. A maximum 2 second latency should be exhibited during MQTT and Bluetooth packets delivery from sensor to base node to GUI.
* Reliability: Measures the ability of the system to measure gesture and movement for environmental robustness, particularly in low-light conditions, high-activity areas, and across a variety of different subjects. A minimum 20% variation between users should be accepted, and 30% variation for diffferent environmental conditions.
* Display: Measures the timely update rate of the GUI, and success of the Minecraft interface to detect all HID packets sent. 
* User Experience: Measures the user's satisfaction with the game and its interface. Measured using a collection of data from the review portion of the GUI.
